>> Will Sentance: There we go people.
We're set up.
We're ready to receive messages and
what do you know?
Michael's Mac arrived.
He's opened it.
Arrived.
Michael's Mac's here, he's opened it and
he wants to get his tweets and
not just any old tweets,
he wants tweet number three.
Okay here we go, let me just quickly,
>> Will Sentance: Actually any thumbs or
questions at this point?
Cuz now we're about to take the next step.
Yeah, Andrew.
>> Andrew: If the HTTP reserve is what
sets up the socket, what's it doing
while it's waiting for the .listen?
>> Andrew: You can draw it open.
>> Will Sentance: [CROSSTALK] Yeah,
it's a reasonable question.
I will say this, Andrew, our draw,
you can always go down further to
more completely understand
every single last detail, but
there is a level of abstraction
that's right to choose and
it's sort of our job to figure out
what's the right level abstraction.
I think the level abstraction
exactly how that open,
how that socket sits until it's assigned
a port, I think is a level of right.
We're talking about
affect how we write code.
It's a fair question.
But it's gonna effect how you write code.
We need a set of a port
in which to listen.
Okay, let's now have our wonderful
friend Michael open his Mac.
It's a fair question Andrew but we've,
someone's eyes have to sort of set a level
for the phrase,
it's turtles all the way down.
Sort of applies, we have to sort
of set a level at which we stop.
Okay, Michael's Mac,
he opens it, there it is.
I know you open it, don't touch it.
Michael's Mac, he opens it.
He opens browser.
Browser when he opens a URL is
gonna instantly send out a message,
know it has an HTTP message.
That is gonna have three parts.
We're only going to use two of them
here because we're just getting data.
The first is the request line that
says get specifically tweet/3.
Doesn't need to twitter.com bit.
That's the bit that's used to
figure out where this computer is.
So once we're there,
we don't need that in the message.
And then it gonna have the headers.
And people, you can literally just go and
investigate and
look at the HTTP message using, well,
we'll see later on something called Curl,
or Postman,
there's a number of ways you can do it.
Then you can have the headers, which is
a bunch of meta data about Michael's Mac,
and his browser, and who he is.
Yep.
And that then arrives.
In it comes, look,
you fit it in the channel.
No problem.
In it came,
libUV helps bring it into Node.
And it arrives as a little message,
just a string of texts with
some important info on it.
Get tweets.
You can probably see this
is going already people.
And then headers.
But just because it is so many pieces of
this puzzle, it's the same pieces again
and again after this by the way, so
you're gonna get very happy with it.
But now, it's still worth being
quite precise on all this and
really kind of repeating again and
again because it is so many pieces.
But from now on,
it's the same pieces forevermore.
Thank goodness.
I mean, what auto inserted data is
inserted, it's gonna depend on which
background feature we're using, but it's
always gonna be an autorun function and
auto inserted data from Node,
again, and again, and again.
In response to some background
computer internal feature,
which in this case is the inbound
message that lands on the network card,
and then with the help of libUV,
gets thrown into Node's C++ features.
Okay, here it is.
By the way, at the same time as
the inbound one, my little inbound arrow,
at the same time, it spins up,
ready to go, a message,
which is gonna be sent back, which is
where we need to attach all our data.
And attach just means that,
attach means write the text.
It was an image is gonna be right in the
text of the image, text of the zeros and
ones of the image or
the way we capture the image format.
The HTML is gonna be a string
of string of HTML code.
JavaScript string of JavaScript code.
Okay, this is the,
let's call it the outbound.
They don't really have official,
well they do have official names
that the response HTTP message.
But without a bit more, you know,
current fuel, and then the inbound one.
>> Will Sentance: Okay,
>> Will Sentance: So far, by the way,
notice how much of the stuff we have to
diagram is not showing in the code, right?
Cuz this is actually being triggered by
someone else's computer isn't our code.
It's kind of,
like all this stuff right now,
looking at the code,
we finished running our code.
We finished our bit.
Now it's all Node.
But we need to know how it's working.
Otherwise, we've no idea what's happening.
Okay, in it comes.
We have an auto-run function, but
there's two parts to running a function,
putting friends on the end of it.
Node does that to execute this code and
what's the other part?
Michael.
>> Michael: Parameters
>> Will Sentance: I don't whom
in parameters,
parameters that will leave there's
place holders to receive what, Matt?
>> Matt: Data.
>> Will Sentance: Yeah,
not, that's partially.
>> [CROSSTALK]
>> Will Sentance: Arguments.
Matt's very attached to the data one,
yeah, exactly, but yeah,
he's right it's data.
Arguments are data.
Arguments are values.
Arguments are actual data.
Parameters are labels that like variable
names without anything stored in them.
So we put those in ready for
Node to create data that gets inserted.
Let's create that data.
Auto created and inserted
data known as, everyone?
>> Speaker 5: Arguments.
>> Will Sentance: Arguments,
well done people.
Look at that catchy little subtitle there.
All right, first one.
Raise your hand if you can tell me
what the first one that's created is.
>> Will Sentance: Yeah, Sam, thank you.
>> Sam: It's gonna be an object.
>> Will Sentance: Yeah.
>> Sam: It's gonna contain the URL.
>> Will Sentance: It's
gonna add a property.
Node did this and it's gonna take,
it's gonna look into here and
go what's the URL?
What's the path?
Why do they call it URL?
It should be the path,
cuz the URL is the whole thing, isn't it?
The domain name plus the- it is
actually just the path which is just
the specific bit you need
from the server itself.
Interesting.
Anyway, yep, URL which is,
am I doing orange represented
a literally is grab from this message?
Yeah, which is turned into a string
tweet/3, everyone see that there?
And then what's the other thing?
Can anyone guess what
other property it gets?
>> Speaker 7: Method.
>> Will Sentance: Method,
yeah, it gets many properties,
but another important one is method,
which is set to get.
There we go, perfect.
And before we run the function, theres one
other object that needs to be auto created
in order we can access and stick stuff
on this outbound needs to be a message.
Well that's other object isn't it?
So the other object is
full of functions like AND
and right that when they're run from
inside of JavaScript will stick stuff
on this important response object.
I know we've done this three or
four times now but it it's complicated.
It's complicated.
I was using complex and complicated.
Complicated there's lots of moving parts,
complex as its conceptual abstract and
the way the mind doesn't
usually think about.
I would say this is,
all I see both complex and complicated.
It's complex and it's weird to think
of someone else running out code for
us, as opposed to us.
That's complex as
conceptually unusual thing.
It's complicated in that, what it runs and
what is insert as the arguments is
a bunch of little intricate things.
It's actually unfortunate but complex and
complicated, which is a shame.